


OcksTools is a tools package I created to speed up developement time by creating a bunch of premade systems that most games need.
The tools package is mostly made for me, Ocks, but anyone is more than welcome to use it.
If you have any feedback or things I can add/change please submit/tell it to me and I will see what I can do.


How To Use?
I designed OcksTools to be as easy as I could think of to implement. 
Almost all systems just simply require dragging the class scripts onto gameobjects in a scene and they should work out of the box.
Of course some systems like the save system require some extra work to make work since I can't predict what you do/don't want to be saved.

Why do I see nine thousand errors when importing this package?
Some systems like the multiplayer base or the navmesh base require extra packages to be installed on the project to work, and I can not ship OcksTools with them.
If you do not need said systems, you can simply remove the Multiplayer and/or Navmesh folders and think no more of the errors.
If you do need the systems, then each of the systems have a file containing all the required dependancies and how to get them.

What is up with the systems folder and its subfolders?
So the systems folder itself contains some classes like Tags, RandomFunctions, and InputManager, which I consider core systems. Other things such as Multiplayer or GIS may require functions or other stuff from the core systems, so its best you keep those unless you are absolutely sure about removing them.
The subfolders like GIS, Multiplayer, NavMesh, Consoling, and more all act kinda like addons, each can be removed or added independantly of each other, and you can delete every subfolder of Systems without causing damage to anything else. This gives the package a good bit of modularity, allowing you to select what you do or do not need for your projects.

How stable are the various features?
I try to keep them as stable as possible, many things being incorperated to handle abuse, however I am not perfect and every update I am always implementing patches to systems. New things keep being added, old things keep being reworked, and some things stop working due to changes somewhere else, so bugs are always around, if you find one then let me know about it and I will do my best to have it patched by the next release.

How do I contact you?
Discord: ocks_dev
Email: ocks.dev@gmail.com

